[PL-40502] PL central notifications - delegate (#5581)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/notifications/manage-notifications.md

2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.
3. Locate the rule you want to enable and enable the **Status** toggle. Harness confirms that you enabled the rule.

### Disable a delegate event notification rule

You might need to temporarily disable notification rules you've set.

You can disable notification rules at the account, project, or org scope.

To disable a delegate event notification rule, do the following.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to disable a delegate event notification rule.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.

> 3. Under **Status**, for the rule that you want to disable, toggle the option to the off setting. Harness returns a message that the rule was successfully disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Locate the rule you want to disable and disable the **Status** toggle. Harness confirms that you disabled the rule.
```

---
title: Manage delegate notifications
description: This topic describes how to manage notifications for Harness Delegate.
keywords: [Notification Settings, Slack notifications, Microsoft Teams notifications, webhook notifications, PagerDuty notifications, Harness Delegate]
sidebar_position: 2
---

> :::info note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```

Attempting to standardize on the white note for the FF notes.

https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/21544468526/Harness+documentation+style+guide#Admonitions-(Notes)

Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag `PL_CENTRAL_NOTIFICATIONS`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
:::

> With the notifications management, you can configure notifications for the delegate events below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With notifications management, you can configure notifications for the delegate events below:
```

"the" sounds awkward, like maybe a word is missing?

- Delegate is down
- Delegate has expired
- Delegate expires in 1, 2, 3, or 4 weeks

## Manage notification rules

You can use notifications management to configure and edit notifications for delegate events from the account, project, or org scope in Harness.

### Add a delegate event notification rule

You can add delegate event notification rules at the account, project, or org scope.

> To add a new delegate event notification rule, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a delegate event notification rule, do the following:
```

"new" is implied by the "add" action.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add a delegate event notification rule.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.

    ![](./static/notifications-management.png)

3. Select **Setup New Notification**. The **New Notification Setup** wizard opens.

   ![](./static/new-notification-setup.png)

   1. On the **Overview** screen, enter a **Notification Name**, then select **Continue**. The **Resources** screen opens.

>    2. Under **Select Resource Type**, **Delegate** is selected for you by default. Additional resources will be available with future development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Under **Select Resource Type**, **Delegate** is selected for you by default. Harness plans to add additional resource types in future releases.
```

Optional, this just sound more clear to me who the actor is.

   3. Under **Select Delegates**, select the delegate for which you want to set up notifications, then select **Continue**. The **Set Conditions** screen opens. Here, you define the events for which you want to be notified.
   4. Select **Add Condition**. The **Create Condition** dialog opens.
   5. In **Condition Name**, enter a name for your notification condition, for example, `Delegate expires soon`.

>    6. Click **Add Events**, and then select the event for which you want to set your notification. In this example, we've selected **About to expire in 2 weeks**.
> 
>       :::info note
>       You can select multiple events on which to receive notifications. **Added Events** increments with each selection you make.
>       :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   6. Select **Add Events**, and then select the events you want to be notified about, such as **About to expire in 2 weeks**. You can select multiple events.

```

The wording was a bit confusing/formal, and there was no screenshot or example (your original text said, "in this example, we've selected...").

Also, I've been trying to reduce the number of notes, because people start to overlook them if there are a lot. The information in this note seems to me like standard functionality information, not necessarily exceptional information that needs to be called out (like a warning or requirement). I am also not sure we need to point out that "added events" increments with the selections, since this seems like standard behavior when adding multiple items to a selection in software programs.

   7. Select **Apply**, then select **Continue**. The **Set Channels** screen opens.
   8. Select your **Notification Channels**.

>    9. (Optional) Toggle the **Enable on Save** option on to enable the rule.
> 
>       :::info
>       If you don't toggle the **Enable on Save** option on in this step, you can enable the rule when you're ready to do so later on the **Notifications Management**. For more information, go to [Enable a delegate event notification rule](#enable-a-delegate-event-notification-rule).
>       :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   9. To enable the rule now, toggle the **Enable on Save** option. If you don't want to enable the rule now, you can [enable the delegate event notification rule](#enable-a-delegate-event-notification-rule) later on the **Notifications Management** page

```

Optional suggestion.

   10. Select **Submit**.

>    You new notification is added to the Notifications Management page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Your notification is added to the Notifications Management page.
```

Similar to prior comment, new is implied in these steps.

### Enable a delegate event notification rule

After you create a delegate event notification rule, if you didn't enable the rule when you first created it, you must enable the rule to receive notifications.

You can enable notification rules at the account, project, or org scope.

To enable a delegate event notification rule, do the following.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to enable notification rules.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.

> 3. Under **Status**, for the rule that you want to enable, toggle the option to the on setting. Harness returns a message that the rule was successfully enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Locate the rule you want to enable and enable the **Status** toggle. Harness confirms that you enabled the rule.
```

The clause "for the rule that you want to enable" felt like it broke the flow of the sentence, and the second sentence used passive voice.

### Disable a delegate event notification rule

You might need to temporarily disable notification rules you've set.

You can disable notification rules at the account, project, or org scope.

To disable a delegate event notification rule, do the following.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to disable a delegate event notification rule.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.

> 3. Under **Status**, for the rule that you want to disable, toggle the option to the off setting. Harness returns a message that the rule was successfully disabled.

Reviewer: If you revise step 3 in "Enable a delegate event notification rule", I suggest the same revision here as well.

### Edit a delegate event notification

> You can use notifications management to edit notifications for delegate events from the account, project, or org scope.
> 
> To manage delegate event notifications, do the following:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use notifications management to edit notifications for delegate events from the account, project, or org scope.

To edit delegate event notifications, do the following:

```

There is some conflicting wording here with edit vs manage.

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to edit notifications.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.

> 3. Select **More Options** (&vellip;) corresponding to the notification you want to update, and then select **Edit**. The **Edit Notification Setup** wizard opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **More Options** (&vellip;) for the notification you want to update, and then select **Edit**. The **Edit Notification Setup** wizard opens.
```

I'm not sure how to word this instruction - I go back and for with it. I either use "more options next to the [object]" or "more options for the [object]".

4. Select **Delete**.

## Manage event notification channels

With notifications management, you can enable or disable notification channels at the account, project, and org scopes. For more information on notification channels, go to [Get started with notifications](/docs/platform/notifications/notification-settings#get-started-with-notifications).

### Add a new channel

You can add a new notification channel from the account, project, or org scope.

To add a new channel, do the following:

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to add a channel.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.
3. Select **Channels**, then select **New Channel**. The **Create Channel** dialog opens.
4. Enter your **Channel Name**.
5. Select the **Channel Type**. You can enable or disable the following notification channels:

   - Slack
   - Email
   - Microsoft Teams
   - PagerDuty
   - Webhooks

> 6. (Optional). Select **+ Add** to add additional channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. (Optional) Select **Add** to add additional channels.
```

Don't need to include non-verbal parts of UI labels unless they are entirely non-verbal (icons).

7. Select **Apply** to save your changes.

### Edit a channel

You can edit a notification channel from the account, project, or org scope.

To edit a channel, do the following:

1. In Harness, go to **Account Settings**, **Organization Settings**, or **Project Settings**, depending on the [scope](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness/#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) at which you want to edit a notification channel.
2. Under **General**, select **Notifications Management**. The Notification Management page opens to the **Rules** tab by default.
3. Select **Channels**.
4. Select **More Options** (&vellip;) corresponding to the channel you want to update, and then select **Edit**. The **Edit Channel** dialog opens.

> 5. Update your channel settings, then select **Apply** to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Update your channel settings, then select **Apply** to save your changes.

```

Markdown style recommends ending files with a blank line. https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.33.0/doc/Rules.md#md047---files-should-end-with-a-single-newline-character
